[Music]
Very good how are you my dear
Lovers of the heart welcome one
more day to telesalseo your favorite
gossip channel I am Javi Oliveira and here you
will find out all the news of the
heart television of La Crónica social if
you are interested in this type of content I
recommend that you subscribe And if you
like it Give me a like which is
completely free today to comment on
a bomb that has come out of the mouth well
from the mouth and pen of Jaime Peña
Fiel I do not know how reliable you consider
this information but it is true
that in tele5 they have echoed this
news in which they resurrect a
story from the past of our queen
Letizia and they tell and reveal a
sentimental relationship that she would have had with another
man before the prince whom she would
leave for the prince she would put
aside for the prince the prince at the
time now our king and this man
is none other than her ex-brother-in-law
before having been with her sister a
Disney tale As you can see
Jaime Peñafiel tells you in his book
okay Jaime Peñafiel assures that Jaime
del burgo He had a relationship with the queen
with the current queen before with his sister
and he even talks about trying to propose to her
a story that many people
have considered to be somewhat strange but
Jaime Peña Fiel assures that in order to
capture it in his book he has insured it and
that there is evidence that has not yet seen
the light of day and perhaps they will never see it we
are talking about photographic material
audiovisual material photographs
recordings I have not seen anything at the moment
but I imagine that when these
people take the risk of saying something like this they will
have their backs covered Or are
they real cowards and they do not care about
anything I do not know what you all think
subscribe to the Channel comment activate the
bell let's listen to what
Jaime Peñafiel has said well what we are going to
see next is not going to leave you
indifferent this was seen yesterday on the
program let's see on tele5 Jaime
Peñafiel assures that Jaime del burgo
Had a relationship with the queen before
with her sister and it is said that
he even tried to propose to Queen
Letizia
The Butterfly Effect some do not call it
no how can it be that life changes so much
depending on the movement you make we
are talking about  that the Kings themselves today
were let's say the cupids not what they
did there of good of Union in
introducing Leticia's sister with
this man let's see this happens in the groups
of kids of the day to day it surprises us
perhaps also because we are talking
about royalty but we cannot
forget that royalty are human beings
So in the end this can happen in
many groups of friends Hey there is a
boy who is with a girl when they
are young not when they are 16 17
that they break up but that they make a good appearance so that there is
no bad vibes and then that boy
Well maybe a friend is with the
girlfriend who was previously with a friend these are
things that happen in groups of
kids So if in the end it is in the
circle in which they move Well it wouldn't be
something very crazy I don't see it as
very crazy I don't know what you think jaim
in his new book this supposed Story
between Queen Letizia and who later was the
husband of his sister Telma Ortiz and according to
peñafiel he told him that if the marriage didn't
come to a good end he would take care of  about
her to me in particular it is a
story that generates doubts well let's see
what would she take care of her These are
things that maybe you say when you are
in love right Hey Marry me
please And if it comes out more I'll give you a little
allowance for life imagine not the
future of the queen of current queen what
would it have been if not I would not
end up loving her 100%
unless she brings out evidence to prove it
what Terma Ortiz's ex-husband says he
has them stored in a safe
but as long as we don't see them I as I say
I would not believe it 100% either let's go
see the images of that
testimony and judge for yourselves
how much let's see I don't see it as crazy
people I'm seeing her pulling her
hair out I'm seeing her as such but
I don't see it as crazy things as they
are there may be truth no in this
story Jaime del Burgo ex-husband of
Telma Ortiz reappears and he does it with a
media bomb in Jaime Peña's latest book
about Queen Leticia confesses
that she wanted to get married  with her apparently the
friendship between them was born in Venice
in the year 2000 and had four stages the
last one ended with a dinner in the
garden of the Rich Hotel in Madrid he tried to
ask for her inheritance in a meeting they had he was
wearing the engagement ring she was
in love she was in love I'm not
surprised Leticia was very beautiful at that moment
Leticia said she had fallen
in love with another person she didn't say who months later Leticia it seems that she had met Felipe and she cut off this romance this date is not this little thing that is said that she had eh with Jaime del Burgo because she had fallen in love with another person who we
understand is our now King Don
Felipe it seems to me that as a
fictional story it is very good but what is
said about this man who was going to
ask Letiz to marry him Letiz Let's see it is a
Disney story it is a story that let's
put it on the Disney Channel Of course it is I mean
now the
Disney classics are very weak they are very Hey
look they are now they just released a
Disney movie it is released today not in
which they have represented the
Spanish monarchy in a way that  I don't know if it's
very similar or not then Hey look
Disney here you have a story to
recreate and then it turns out that this man
ends up with Leticia's sister it
all seems a little strange I don't know what you
think because her engagement
to Felipe VI is announced but far from separating from
royalty Jaime continues in the circle
in fact he was Leticia's advisor at
her wedding it's that maybe he was a very
good friend of her okay maybe they were
very good friends they had there are many
times that there are relationships no eh
surely many of those who
are watching the video will have happened to you
that you have had eh flings relationships
and things that also it's not only that
a person attracts you but also
eh you have a lot of complicity and many
times it is confused Maybe something
sentimental loving with a friendship and in the
end it may be that she realized
that she liked him or fell in love and
who fulfilled her was Prince Felipe
and that this man was a friend A friend
with whom she continued to get along well
eh continued the relationship of friendship
good friends To the point that he
introduced him to his sister and  her sister
liked it and well, since it was
something that was not known because
maybe not even her sister knew, who
knows, well, look, well, that's it or
maybe the other one told it now to
annoy the sister or to put
a little bit of noise in there, not to make a fuss between the
sister and and and Leticia, I don't know the truth, she
told you and if the marriage doesn't work out,
the relationship doesn't end well, I'll take care
of you and raise the family, she would take care of the
queen and the children too. Some time
later, the brief
love story with Telma, Leticia's sister would come. The
Princes indirectly acted as
Cupid, they all went to dinner with Felipe
Leticia Telma and traveled a lot that day she
couldn't even go out the amount of water that was
falling and she stayed in the car and she was the
love of her life. What a strange thing,
really. I mean, I find it hard to believe. But
not for any particular reason, but because it
all seems very
implausible to me, until there is proof,
until there is proof, it is not
something that Jaime Peña says, faithful, without more,
until there is  evidence is something that
Jaime Peña says faithfully and without more when
with his sister the friendship between Jaime and
the queen suffers a setback in August
2011, he can not continue seeing a
person who has been his great love,
logically for obvious reasons he says we
can not continue seeing love. Well
this is the story of Queen Letizia
supposedly with Jaime del Burgo,
ex-brother-in-law eh, with whom I understand that
after all this fuss today they will
have more than a suspenders and a bad
vibe, no, or simply each one on their
own and they are part of each
other's past and they do not want to know anything or
cross paths, well, what a job you have a bad
vibe with royalty, what do you think,
family, about all this? I would love to know
your opinion, I will be reading the
comments box. Do not forget to leave me
a like, it's free, I send you a
big hug and I'll see you in the next
video, bye
[Music]
bye